revit-psElectro-bridge
======================

Project is a pluggin for Revit MEP. It allows to import data from PS Electro and nanoCad Electro inside Revit. It uses .xml files, generated by PS Electro. 
In the file there two types of objects. First is like family objects in revit. They contain different parameters that are taken from equipment database in PS Electro.
The second type of objects are concrete instances of families. They contain coordinates on plan.


Some details
============
For each datatype in PS Electro corresponding family in revit is used. It is defined by family Id. In this family it is possible to create new family symbol or to use existing.
For wires special familySymbol is used, that should be called "WireTemplate". It should be preloaded in project.
Parameter "TemplateType" on family symbol describes if this family symbol is used like a template. Fields marked with "IsTemplate" are used for searching suitable template.


Corresponding family IDS for ps types
=====================================
"Разветвительные коробки":	-2001060 (OST_ElectricalFixtures)
"Кабели и провода": 		-2001060 (OST_ElectricalFixtures)
"Розетки":					-2001060 (OST_ElectricalFixtures)
"Шкафы":					-2001040 (OST_ElectricalEquipment)
"Светильники":				-2001120 (OST_LightingFixtures)
"Выключатели":				-2008087 (OST_LightingDevices)


Tests project
=============
In "/testProject" there is test project, WireTemplate family and test .xml file from PS Elctro.


cadwiseplus.ru 